Create an app that can be used for strike and protest arrangement with a support for ad free suppress free youtube video and communication and blog pages for different political movements, each having their own page with a wiki detailing all pages. Add a voting system for deleting spammers and trollers and ads hiding as content and malicious pages and propaganda and hate speech and have a strict policy stating this is for collaboration and brainstorming answers and solutions and not a platform for bitching, whining, complaining, arguing or hate speech. Make free for all, have website where app can be downloaded, add app to app stores for cellphone download and make compatible for mobile, app, tablet, windows, mac and linux etc etc downloads. Make everything automatic in temrs of upvoting for removal and banning malicious posts and users and don't have comments, rather just upvotes with likes, supports and allow joining movements, so only actual members of movements can post. Add plugin for movement gear, like yellow vests, for free distribution or arrangements for where to get stuff. Advocate PEACEFUL protests and cover history of effective movements to live by and have pages of idols we should learn from and be inspired by and make proud and emulate and set a lead by example aim for everyone. Make clear that differences of opinions and ideas and perspectives are normal. Advocate a world with different views and opinions, but where respect rules, and everyone aims to understand one anothers perspective, whether they agree or not, where aggression, and forcible argument and manipulation is not condoned. Advocate an honesty and transparency policy. Stand against hate speecha nd indoctrination. Aim of platform is to educate, share knowledge, and support movements and peaceful protests to advocate a better world for all and share ideas, interlink different movements and allow communication so they can coordinate and interlink, combine as we are stronger and better when we work together and help one another, promote teamwork and a truly global effort to work together for a better world for all. Platform for honest discussion about difficult topics, not as a bitching platform, but as an open discussion for resolutions and solutions and a platform where we come together to work together to solve problems. No ads, no money, no alterior motive or objective. Open and free to all.

Advertise for free on youtube, share concept with all places like democary now, richard wolf, redacted tonight, RT, etc etc etc and every place we feature, every movement as well like venus project, sunrise movement, yellow vests protests, etc etc etc. Link them all and allow upvote system to add new ones at 100 votes.